hi there this is Matt Harper here at
John hender Honda's sending out a video
of the all-new 2016 honda hr-v this one
is the EXL with navigation trim level
there's going to be an LX and E X and an
XL with navigation trim level in this
vehicle it's an all new vehicle by Honda
subcompact as you can see that you excel
with nav has the fog lights they're all
equipped with the same alloy wheels the
EXL with nav is gonna have the roof
rails up on the top there you can see
the lines on this car are awesome it
almost looks like a coupe it's got the
hidden door handle on the back door
there you've got your integrated turn
signals in the mirror we're gonna come
around the side I'll show you here it's
it's got the same style key is that all
the smart entry vehicles so you
literally just keep that key in your
pocket but coming around the back you
can see the door handle here watch cars
lock and lock it here you grab a hold of
the door handle to unlock it just like
in all the Honda's with the smart entry
but giving you a look at the back seats
here the back seat space is actually
really spacious it's got the magic seats
like you get in the Honda Fit so you've
got your tow mode with the seats you can
also lay the seats down to give you a
cargo mode we'll come around the hatch
and I'll show you that
of course it's equipped with your backup
camera and Bluetooth but this lever here
will allow you to fold the seats forward
and it's a 60/40 split on
the tailgates very light easy to pick up
and down another big thing is you can
get this vehicle in the all-wheel drive
or the front-wheel drive show you down
the passenger side here and it's also
got Honda lanewatch on the passenger
mirror the Honda lanewatch is going to
be standard on the X and the EXL with
nav a look inside of the driver's seat
here new styling on the seats unlike any
of the styling that you've seen on any
of the other Honda's push-button start
you just hit the brake at the button
it's gonna start it up you can go look
at the dash and everything your
Bluetooth controls remain the same radio
controls on the steering wheel paddle
shifters automatic lights automatic
lights are across the board
this is kind of neat now you've got the
touchscreen climate control so on your
let me get this to focus on our climate
control now it's a touchscreen so you
don't have any buttons or knobs it's
just a simple touch of the button the
e^x is gonna have the heated seats this
is the EXL of course it's gonna have the
heated seats also you've got the 7-inch
touchscreen for your radio navigation
trip information phone information so if
we hit info we're gonna be able to see
what the average miles per gallon have
been on the most recent test drives we
don't know when we're exactly we're
gonna get this vehicle and of course
you've got your backup camera that will
pop up here on the e ex and EXL it is
the dynamic backup camera so it's going
to show you the dynamic guidelines the
turn with you
it's now got an electronic parking brake
you literally just pull that up to
engage the brake push it down to
disengage the brake another cool thing
is you can have the parking brake on and
instead of hitting the button or hitting
the button to turn it off you can just
put the car in gear hit the gas soon as
you hit the gas it's gonna disengage as
long as the seatbelt driver seat belt is
buckled you can see a new style to the
vents there soft touch - the chrome
accents are gonna be standard on the X
and the EXL if you have any other
questions about the Honda HRV please
feel free to give me a call again this
is Matt Harper here at John Henry Honda
in Heathrow hi oh I can try my best to
answer your questions this vehicles so
new that I'm pretty familiar with it but
I can't promise you everything of course
you've got your moonroof that's the one
thing I forgot to show you there but the
OneTouch power moonroof again Matt
Harper here John hinderer Honda this HRV
is awesome I think everybody's gonna
love it I look forward to being able to
show this to people and take people on
test drives in it
thanks for watching